OTPL-2817 Proposed changes (3.00 version) (#69)
opentable/otj-server: README.md

The `default-http` connector is hard-wired to Spring Boot's default connector and is less customizable;
the rest are created by the `otj-server` code and wired to Jetty ourselves.

> The `boot` connector is behaving like `default-http` connector, but takes host/port from Spring Boot's default connector.

Reviewer: So, are we creating 2 connectors? default-http and boot? Why 2?

Also, minor grammar changes:
```suggestion
The `boot` connector is the same as the  `default-http` connector, but it takes its host and port from Spring Boot's default connector.
```
